hi I'm Jeff Glick executive chef for
Embassy Suites outdoor world in
Grapevine Texas one thing that MCS do is
make a lot of omelettes it's part of our
cooked-to-order breakfast we make a lot
of omelettes 400 during the week and up
in the neighborhoods of 8 or 900 on the
weekends and today I'm going to show you
how to make a great omelet first of all
a standard omelet is gonna require about
3 to 4 eggs that's gonna equate to about
4 to 5 ounces of agra i'm let's differ
from scrambled eggs in that you're
pushing the cooked part of the egg to
the center of the pan
allowing the uncooked portion to go to
the pan so it could cook we offer a
variety of toppings for omelets
jalapenos tomatoes spinach cheese
sausage bacon ham and I'm gonna make my
personal favorite today which is ham
cheese and bacon now you can see the
omelet it's pretty well taken shape and
now it's time for our toppings we start
with ham a little bit of bacon and my
favorite cheese
Jahna late' is now ready for plating
we'll run the spatula around the edge of
the palm tlit to ensure that it won't
stick and out it comes
next we'll garnish it
and there is your cooked-to-order
breakfast so that's how we do our
omelettes here at Embassy Suites come by
and visit us and let us cook you
breakfast
you